how about youtubers is your man appear
here you're looking at the Eleanor eat
uh CH 780 Wi-Fi tablet 802 11 BG I think
not on the plan shot about that but not
being G so it's got Wi-Fi that's a
killer and all different stuff
it's got android 1.6 I like these
tablets but I would like to eventually
get a tablet that is more powerful they
do better ones and eBay which ah well
how do I put it like which our better
sure to say like they have this one's an
eBay that I've built in camera this
doesn't has Ice Cream Sandwich this
doesn't has 1.2 gigahertz processor this
doesn't has a family of megabytes of RAM
and a lot better ones an eBay first my
60 quid 70 quid so they do better ones I
like the 7 inch file form factor I wish
this had um I under a 2.1 and a built-in
camera because then I'd like to like do
my skype on this and stuff so yeah it's
nicely working my mum's fixed it because
it was broke and now because it wasn't
working and all my mum's forgot it
working but she's a genius
so yeah just some of these music tracks
sorry will not play in the music plan
they come up it comes up the music
player comes up but it won't play in the
tracks
that's how this thing is the music
plays yeah I've got downloaded some
music
no plyo me mp3 player if I put the
memory card am UMP free buyer but they
won't play on here
did they won't play on this because I
wants to listen to some music but
obviously the music's looking shot well
try playing country music see what
happens I'm just need to there's no if I
do it's pretty so it's limited to
what you can do really Channel core not
oh nothing works on this thing it's
really annoying
yeah I want actually
put the music on my phone stylus into it
but it's pretty so yeah I would
like to get a better tablet that has
better apps and stuff because cuz of the
1.6 firmware it's a custom rom and you
can't get any count account upgrade it
from 1.6 if I knew anyone who's got a
hacking who could hack this and put
about a firmware on that'll be better
but obviously these tracks are
annoying I've just been on four share
and download that I love music and I
can't listen to a frigging music because
it's got a music player but it won't
find the tracks anymore let me listen to
him finish you see and by going to
settings and pick which memory card one
SD memory card there on the SD memory
card click ok and it just won't find any
tracks which are downloaded into a music
folder very annoying
sorry for the dodgy camerawork it's hard
trying to do this
right
they will not find any music to play
beginning to annoy me now so yeah I can
use a camera on this you have to plug in
a camera into the side of an adapter but
um because it just have a camera up
there and it just of care of a kinship
well I gave all of it so yeah it's
really a piece of because you can't
do anything because the loved them
because of the limited hardware and the
limited software limited firmware he's
1.6 so yeah thank you for watching and
peace out